What can I do for you?
You protect your money in secret these days
In addition, send someone to thoroughly investigate the Lei family's filming
If you have done something hurtful
All are punished according to law
The number one killer in the West
I didn't expect you to know me
Then you deserve even more
It's been a long time since I shot, I'll come
Who are you?
Tell me who sent you
We will not worship
Ancestor
I'll get him to talk
I didn't expect the Satan group to be so bold
Even the Lord of Kunlun dares to assassinate
It seems that the Satanic group is no longer necessary
Ancestor of Kunlun
I commit suicide, you are the Lord of Kunlun
It's Magic City, Magic City, Lei's family asked us to come
You didn't say I committed suicide
Lord of Kunlun, you are mortal
I just wish you could find my family's names